README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">The Unknown Guide</h1>

<p align="center">
A dev's collection of useful tools, guides, hacks, know-hows and more.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?longCache=true" alt="Pull Requests">
  </a>
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="MIT License">
  </a>
</p>

---

## Table of Contents

- [Health](#health)
- [Project](#project)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Mobile](#mobile)
- [Graphics](#graphics)
- [Education](#education)
- [Challenges](#challenges)

## Health

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [stretchly](https://github.com/hovancik/stretchly) – is a cross-platform
electron app that reminds you to take breaks when working on your computer.
- [Ergonomics Expert Explains How to Set Up Your Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8_ME4VwTiw) –
is a video that exlains how to set up a desk.
- [Yoga With Adriene](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFKE7WVJfvaHW5q283SxchA) –
is a YouTube channel that provides high quality practices on yoga
and mindfulness at no cost to inspire people of all ages, shapes and sizes.

## Project

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide) – is a set of guides aiming to
improving open-source.
- [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) – is a guide to version a project.
- [Semantic Line Breaks](https://sembr.org) – is a guide to write better texts.
- [gitignore.io](https://www.gitignore.io) – is a tool that creates useful
.gitignore files for your project.
- [Discord](https://discordapp.com) – is an app for all-in-one voice and text
chat for gamers and other people.

## Architecture

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Clean Architecture](https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html) –
is a software design philosophy that separates the elements of a design into
ring levels.

## Mobile

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [scrcpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) – is a tool that provides
display and control of Android devices connected on USB (or over TCP/IP).

## Graphics

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [GoodUI](https://goodui.org) – is a web that shows how to improve UI
with A/B tests.
- [7 Practical Tips for Cheating at Design](https://medium.com/refactoring-ui/7-practical-tips-for-cheating-at-design-40c736799886) –
is an article that introduces 7 practical tips for cheating at design.
- [How to Declutter your Design](https://medium.com/wdstack/how-to-declutter-your-design-88cbd9e45015) –
is an article that shows how to declutter a design.

## Education

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [List of Free Learning Resources](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) –
is a set of lists of many free learning resources in many spoken languages.
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org) – is a nonprofit community
that helps you learn to code by building projects.

## Challenges

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/dashboard) – is a way to improve your
skills by training with others on real code challenges in many languages.
- [Cryptopals](https://cryptopals.com) – is a set of crypto challenges.

Commit message:

Sort each section and add sql and command line game challenge

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">The Unknown Guide</h1>

<p align="center">
A dev's collection of useful tools, guides, hacks, know-hows and more.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?longCache=true" alt="Pull Requests">
  </a>
  <a href="LICENSE.md">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="MIT License">
  </a>
</p>

---

## Table of Contents

- [Health](#health)
- [Project](#project)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [Mobile](#mobile)
- [Graphics](#graphics)
- [Education](#education)
- [Challenges](#challenges)

## Health

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Ergonomics Expert Explains How to Set Up Your Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8_ME4VwTiw) –
is a video that exlains how to set up a desk.
- [stretchly](https://github.com/hovancik/stretchly) – is a cross-platform
electron app that reminds you to take breaks when working on your computer.
- [Yoga With Adriene](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFKE7WVJfvaHW5q283SxchA) –
is a YouTube channel that provides high quality practices on yoga
and mindfulness at no cost to inspire people of all ages, shapes and sizes.

## Project

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Discord](https://discordapp.com) – is an app for all-in-one voice and text
chat for gamers and other people.
- [gitignore.io](https://www.gitignore.io) – is a tool that creates useful
.gitignore files for your project.
- [Open Source Guides](https://opensource.guide) – is a set of guides aiming to
improving open-source.
- [Semantic Line Breaks](https://sembr.org) – is a guide to write better texts.
- [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) – is a guide to version a project.

## Architecture

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Clean Architecture](https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html) –
is a software design philosophy that separates the elements of a design into
ring levels.

## Mobile

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [scrcpy](https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy) – is a tool that provides
display and control of Android devices connected on USB (or over TCP/IP).

## Graphics

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [7 Practical Tips for Cheating at Design](https://medium.com/refactoring-ui/7-practical-tips-for-cheating-at-design-40c736799886) –
is an article that introduces 7 practical tips for cheating at design.¨
- [GoodUI](https://goodui.org) – is a web that shows how to improve UI
with A/B tests.
- [How to Declutter your Design](https://medium.com/wdstack/how-to-declutter-your-design-88cbd9e45015) –
is an article that shows how to declutter a design.

## Education

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org) – is a nonprofit community
that helps you learn to code by building projects.
- [List of Free Learning Resources](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) –
is a set of lists of many free learning resources in many spoken languages.

## Challenges

[☝ ToC](#table-of-contents)

- [Codewars](https://www.codewars.com/dashboard) – is a way to improve your
skills by training with others on real code challenges in many languages.
- [Cryptopals](https://cryptopals.com) – is a set of crypto challenges.
- [The Command Line Murders](https://github.com/veltman/clmystery) – is a fun
game in a command line to solve a murder.
- [SQL Murder Mystery](https://github.com/NUKnightLab/sql-mysteries) – is both
a self-directed lesson to learn SQL concepts and commands
and a fun game for experienced SQL users to solve an intriguing crime.
